Oh
There is something
Phew
There is Pasubaru
Carolyn Lou
Toyota Celica car
In an election
dangerous
This is a shame
Mass Morisot and Kiccoro like a silk wrapper is the whole car
Oh read
I'm waiting
Iizuka Iku
Hey, this wasn't even better than this
Yes 8 I'm going to use that popular car called Yard
It variously luck is better to come to the location hate of foreigners
It 's time to break up the engine
By exporting engines overseas, it is easy to export them to countries that are not well developed countries.
Therefore, though also I've been combed or assembled Good luck car
In the present age
After all it is not an internet business or something like that
I think that the regulation on the internet business will be strengthened in about 12 years and 3 years after the other
So I will say this from now
It sounds like I'm going to work hard while doing the real sound mode 6000 work
It is if Well of starting many from Do that funds zero
How do you think that such a thing is the best
There is that container here and there and move the place to put the container a little
I do I have received
I put a huge container here with Dokhan, so now I'm going to fill it up.
It is half-cut parts's car
Hough or the
Well that 's all right though it 's already a battered 4 impossible half cut
Loaded into 2 containers and exported overseas
It looks like you're getting that much money
It is with such a feeling Well I try to hear the details talk now
I think it's a lot of fun when it comes to real real mud jobs, so let's do our best
Yes it is more than